e app also provides an optional API client that allows the user to link their Bull Bitcoin exchange account to the app by importing and storing the API key from an external exchange account that is managed outside of the app. The Bull Bitcoin exchanges services are provided in Canada by Satoshi Portal Inc., registered as a Money Service Business, in France by Leonod SARL licensed as a Virtual Asset Service Provider and in Mexico by Toro Pagos S.A. registered as offering Operations with Virtual Assets.

The exchange services provided are only offered in countries or regions where the app has appropriate licensing and permissions to provide a cryptocurrency exchange. 

The method of enforcement of these restrictions is as follows:
Exchange services are not available by default in the app. To have access to any exchange service, users must have a Bull Bitcoin API key linked to an external Bull Bitcoin account.
When creating an external Bull Bitcoin account, the user goes through a KYC process by providing personal information and documentation to prove his identity. This process includes, but is not limited to, IP address validation, phone number validation, government-issued identity document verification, selfie verification, proof of residence verification and source of funds verification. VPNs are detected by using Maxmind, an IP analytics service. Phone numbers are verified by Telesign, a phone number analytics service. Identity, country of residence and country of citizenship are verified by Incode, an identity verification service. By going through this process, Bull Bitcoin is able to determine the country of residence and country of citizenship of its users and is able to restrict the accounts of users in countries where it cannot legally offer the exchange services.
Users located in countries where Bull Bitcoin cannot legally offer exchange services will be unable to access the exchange features located in the app. Upon attempting to access these services, they will be prompted with an error message that explains to them they are in a prohibited jurisdiction.
